"query:Unread Articles:unread = \"yes\""
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA "Veritasium"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmGSJVG3mCRXVOP4yZrU1Dw "Johnny Harris"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA "Vsauce"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA "Fireship"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q "Kurzgesagt â€“ In a Nutshell"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w "CGP Grey"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A "Tom Scott"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9RM-iSvTu1uPJb8X5yp3EQ "Wendover Productions"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCX6b17PVsYBQ0ip5gyeme-Q "CrashCourse"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNJ1Ymd5yFuUPtn21xtRbbw "AI explained"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbfYPyITQ-7l4upoX8nvctg "Two minute papers"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLXo7UDZvByw2ixzpQCufnA "Vox"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqnbDFdCpuN8CMEg0VuEBqA "nytimes"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgqt1RE0k0MIr0LoyJRy2lg "Rational Animations"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv_vLHiWVBh_FR9vbeuiY-A "Historia Civilis"
https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.atom?sort=-publishedAt&isLocal=true luke smith vids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4QZ_LsYcvcq7qOsOhpAX4A cold fusion
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE4Gn00XZbpWvGUfIslT-tA magnates media
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA computerphile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw 3b1b
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClfHrHvX1byPvPouM-j8bEA norse magic and beliefs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1vVNQN-TCy8d3Mb_Owr2Kw Masaman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgBg0aacyJnw4qUnb1FlfEQ Human anatomy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsaGKqPZnGp_7N80hcHySGQ Tasting history
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCQEbqDL8i40d83Au55lYMQ Jacob clifford
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVeqvuMCMkzKY4X1XHXF3PA Bryan Caplan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_iD0xppBwwsrM9DegC5cQQ jon gjengset
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgBVkKoOAr3ajSdFFLp13_A Krazam
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0intLFzLaudFG-xAvUEO-A Not just bikes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK7tptUDHh-RYDsdxO1-5QQ Wall street journal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvQECJukTDE2i6aCoMnS-Vg big think
